time for another Lawai episode I wonder
what memes are gonna post this week
let's get real here they're all just
they're all this joke's on your expense
feelings they're all making fun of you
you are nothing you're worthless you
can't beat hey how's it going bros my
name is P leave your entries eNOS
already froze welcome to another weaker
[Music]
[Applause]
nowhere rolls off the tongue like a
spider that's crawling your mouth while
you were sleeping it's a fact look it up
we're gonna go through your meme
submissions from last week oh wow how
exciting
ha what did you post this time I can't
wait to find out here we go any chair
memes perhaps let's explore this is
probably it has nothing to do with chair
memes
[Music]
but can you do this that's a great price
you know what have I told I don't know
if I mentioned this but I have this own
custom-made chair and it's only get this
it's only 399 great price you can pick
them any isopods you can find for that
price huh huh but can you do this
[Music]
PewDiePie fears no man I fear no man but
that thing it scares me
ahahahaha look at that he can't make
handshakes it's actually one of those
things that is a genuine insecurity it's
been with lingering me with me for years
I just don't understand there's so many
different things like they go in for
this and I'm like what do you want can
we just do a handshake like everyone
else handshakes is fine I'm fine with a
handshake I have a great handshake if
you ever meet me let's go brother
this is great cuz I absolutely hate this
[Music]
okay
all right well I hate great I'm glad you
spend time doing that good for you good
for you you made it to the video how to
get girls around the world one a type
Hut
I would cha you damn wave my queen shall
pubs in future Sonia Sweden hey Monica
but can you do this no it should just be
hey Monica
hey Monica hey pretty funny best dog in
the whole world
party in the backyard hell did
making your own content copying another
youtubers content copying another
youtuber and claiming it was guys I feel
like I have to set things right
last look I mean that Jack's from copied
my videos Jack's films is kind of like
the The Simpsons of YouTube he's done so
many episodes of his show guy that
you're bound to make some stuff the same
the Simpsons already did it essentially
is what I'm getting at it turned out
that I had done like a couple same video
ideas as him some intentional and some
unintentional and I just embraced the
meme that he was the one copying me even
though clearly all his videos were
uploaded way before mine you can just
check the dates it's not that hard to
investigate but I'm aimed it a little
bit too hard and people thought it was
real and started hating on him and it
just made my fan base look even more
cancerous than it already is good job
guys a plus and because some people
didn't get the joke which is what's fun
about the joke so here I am again
explaining the joke and ruining it as I
always do legit check out Jack's films
subscribe to him he's a he's a legend on
YouTube he's one of the best comedians
on YouTube everybody so there you go
the end he's also a great guy I I feel
bad having him get a bunch of shit for a
meme that I was sort of unsolicited but
funny nonetheless now it isn't anymore
coming Congrats another dead meme
everybody there you go my contact gets
stolen recently I was pretty bummed out
about it but I think whoever stole it
was probably more happy to get it and
I'm sad to lose it so whatever he did it
number one I'm training no we did it
we're a community
except I recall the benefit but we did
it dudes should get a nice apart as
sneaker replacement you know I mean yes
I would love a nice chiffon thank you
please who wouldn't want that thing in
their house I would love to have one of
those they're so cute is it I support
our yet Oh shame shame it's not Lavoie
versus guy that's right it's better copy
something if it's better
Oh smiling for seven seconds so the
video is 1006 long no I smiled because
smiling is contagious
okay if I smile you smile it's like that
Justin Bieber song and smiling has been
proven to give you more endorphins
making you actually feel happier even if
you're not so just keep smiling and you
get happier it's great I'm so happy it's
the video 10-minute come on Peter pipes
emissions isn't that bad don't sell
yourself short guys they're getting
better I'll give you that they're
getting better the memes are getting a
little fresher little less cringy and
overall make me less suicidal every time
it's great Thank You Tommy hand oh they
sent me back again Lisa my vagin sure
let's try this of a bag and that means
show me that way in Swedish Logan Paul I
didn't realize people who commit suicide
kill themselves
it's classic error everyone makes that
mistake at least once in their life the
onion is satire did you know what we are
waiting
Verona's that 60 million subscribers if
we hit 60 million I'm going to shave one
hair off my beard
I didn't do it oh my god
[Music]
oh this is tough I don't really know if
I should be doing this man
which one should I we shouldn't should I
do man
[Music]
see that one and see that one it's gonna
die it's about to die
a second try uploading this digital
artwork I did squad family to pewds work
soul very cool Fanta thank you very much
you have been granted immortality very
respec respect to you me it's official
he made the original
[Music]
that tax fans oh you thought it was
funny to tape the fidgets finish to the
sunglasses wow what an amazing original
creative idea where did you think of it
dad
Peter PI's new chair only 395 Amen let's
not make fun of homeless people guys
that could be me in the future
look why vs. yay here we go has a crappy
host ding ding okay fair
the show is unoriginal dick who made
this has their parents disappointed
that's true
mine are very pleased uses fans for
views what what oh that's that's so
uncalled for I would never I would never
do that guys I hope you understand where
I'm coming from here cuz I would never
use your from use I care about my fans
like no other youtubers jacksFilms
jacksepticeye markiplier they don't care
about their fans they've just been
keeping up a fake facade I truly care ok
Lawai last week i asked you but what did
you ask Felix you're just what are you
what what no vote for kids to do another
green-screen competition uh heck it
let's do it to the lesson this one all I
wanted the link to it in the description
it's been it's been too long
I just yeah I've seen this one yummy
what even is that is that ice cream oh
it's ice cream yeah of course that's
right hey I'm an ice cream leave a like
if you're an ice cream that was this
week's of love
remember to submit next week's memes if
you're entering the green-screen
competition add parentheses green screen
before so I could find them and yeah go
crazy with the edits link in the
description thank you guys so much for
another live Wow
this is my favorite show of the week not
because it doesn't take any effort
whatsoever but because it gives a sense
of community and I really love you guys
so much
squat same out leave your entries in the
sir really close